all send my name is my name
I'm an industrialist from Bonn and in
this video is about impacting
training with beginners table tennis
Krankl live very interesting topic
I have the last one myself a hall
It has been going on for two weeks now
on
son co-trainer of me
Youth training supports in the
Verein where I do that because we are so much
many children in the meantime too
got and he has just before eight
or nine years, first one or his c
royalty made then not really
Training more passed and I have
in the last few units times the
give in and then start with
just give them a try and me
just wanted to do the training
be guided freely
with his beginner group then he has
The stop shown with the
out of the backhand similar to the
professionals and their which also took up
So shown are special to me
synonymous ever mentioned in the video and
You have to say that clearly for beginners
There are very special rules
serve training
they do not need special ones
grip when the serve need
also not the cool serve with the
out of the backhand side because they
must first learn the basics so
before changing the serve attitude
you should grab a serve first
the right grip in the table tennis
learning that is very important and direct
installment
where to ask for the service because of the
It also has to be first
difficulty making simple forehand premiums
or back serves so I have
you have written 4 or 5 points on it
which I think is very important
Supplement training with beginner rule
Number one or number one is one
simple real serve me
Hope this is just a little read
wet the board very clearly and simply
I mean either a markup on
the existing or back on the
backhand side that you
to learn to throw the farm that they
Do not live on the plate and
behind the white line
that's already going to be a lot
help second second goal
also places an important one for exercises
point of course we want to have children
even simple exercises do somehow
a ball relay or a sequence
it is always backhand once before
in which one can let up and can
somehow on the table then we can
Of course, with such exercises hardly
that's why it would have been
important that you have a proper
but it's easy
the at least one certain relationship
be it for example only the
backhand only in the middle or now me
earlier the impact or if you already
a bit advanced then
also a short edition but also that
here only from easy to difficult
third point
flat with flat I mean that of course
do not they just paint the plate
should the then ten meters high is synonymous
then you can not play any exercise or
is also available for when out my
circle ranking or tournament play because
he in the season
then you have to learn how to do it
A flat serve can be a surcharge
training is then on point number 4
or as target number four first
tactical cognition together that
means that they understand when I do that
maybe that happens to five
means to me sure I know
unfortunately many beginners are even
do not dare to serve because
they always have to be afraid of it somehow
to make a mistake
I can always watch that very well
if we play practice then we let
always open the other
if you ask her why she does that
different he has yes I can the impact
not that's why it is here too
It's important for you to have a safe one
Order can be where you are now
not always sure but over
Also for you in the head is sure where
you go confidently to the plate
can say I can open now
it's very important to me from 66 goal
she can teach fun with variations
I hear these points
then you should have completed the
Children also tried the fun too
convey that she was in my house
also be able to vary it is in the
Placement be it cut or be it
in position because many children are
of course, very peculiar in the
Order just when you first
learn
Then you have a standard surcharge
and just see competition
then again as you have the hat
also try to teach them
stop from the same position too
different placement games can
those are the first or the first for me
you six main goals or
learning goals for the impact training with
absolute beginners so children or
adult guessing table tennis
start and the first so enough yes
handle this or hit cool
Strikes that are so covered and
the look great
maybe they like that on youtube
if they see the
see game summaries of the professionals
but the world is and for now just easy
and usually it will be ours
he should be placed one
can swing for the first exercises
he should be flat
you have to tactical a tactical
Understand it should be safe
should be comfortable with the
turn up and eventually they should
then get to know the variations
I hope you liked the video
if your result is a thumbs up
Subscribed to the top are our channel
many more table tennis
videos online just on the channel side
look there you will find quite a lot
Table tennis videos are good
tease you next time